Jehovah, dear Father,
There seemed no hope for us.
The ransom has given
Hope to ev’ryone!
We give our lives to you,
Our best in all we do.
And we’ll tell others too,
That your will might be done.
You gave your precious Son,
And now we sing as one,
A song we’ll sing forever,
for giving us your precious Son.
Your kindness, your mercy,
They draw us close to you.
Your great name, your friendship,
These we’ve come to love.
But something more than this
Is your most precious gift.
He died that we might live.
You sent him from above.
You gave your precious Son,
And now we sing as one,
A song we’ll sing forever,
for giving us your precious Son—
for giving us your precious Son.
Jehovah, dear Father,
we pray in gratitude.
We offer our thanks
for giving us your precious Son.